Training search block module (#959)
plone/training: docs/content-editing/add-a-search-block.md

1.  Click the {guilabel}`Add` button.

    ````{card}
    ```{image} /content-editing/_static/add-a-search-block-step-01.jpeg
    :alt: Click the `Add` button.
    :target: /_images/add-a-search-block-step-01.jpeg
    ```
    +++
    _Click the `Add` button._
    ````

1.  Click {guilabel}`Page`

    ````{card}
    ```{image} /content-editing/_static/add-a-search-block-step-02.jpeg
    :alt: Click `Page`
    :target: /_images/add-a-search-block-step-02.jpeg
    ```
    +++
    _Click `Page`
    ````

1.  Click "Type the title".

    Type "My page" as the title.

    ````{card}
    ```{image} /content-editing/_static/add-a-search-block-step-03.jpeg
    :alt: Click "Type the title"
    :target: /_images/add-a-search-block-step-03.jpeg
    ```
    +++
    _Click "Type the title"._
    ````

1.  Click the on the {guilabel}`Add block` button <img alt="Add block icon" src="/content-editing/_static/circle-plus.svg" class="inline"> to add a search block.

    ````{card}
    ```{image} /content-editing/_static/add-a-search-block-step-04.jpeg
    :alt: Click the `Add block` button to add a search block.
    :target: /_images/add-a-search-block-step-04.jpeg
    ```
    +++

>     _Click the on the {guilabel}`Add block` button <img alt="Add block icon" src="/content-editing/_static/circle-plus.svg" class="inline"> to add a search block._

Reviewer: Fixed in https://github.com/plone/training/pull/959/commits/fbc9d7eb75b3534e7d70654b91c73c69bbd91b6f

    ````{card}
    ```{image} /content-editing/_static/add-a-search-block-step-21.jpeg
    :alt: Click on `Facet widget` to pick which type of widget you want to use for this facet.
    :target: /_images/add-a-search-block-step-21.jpeg
    ```
    +++
    _Click on {guilabel}`Facet widget` to pick which type of widget you want to use for this facet._
    ````

1.  Select {guilabel}`Checkbox` to display a list of available Tags as checkboxes.

    ````{card}
    ```{image} /content-editing/_static/add-a-search-block-step-22.jpeg
    :alt: Select `Checkbox` to display a list of available Tags as checkboxes.
    :target: /_images/add-a-search-block-step-22.jpeg
    ```
    +++
    _Select {guilabel}`Checkbox` to display a list of available Tags as checkboxes._
    ````

1.  Click on {guilabel}`Add Facet` to add another facet.

    ````{card}
    ```{image} /content-editing/_static/add-a-search-block-step-23.jpeg
    :alt: Click on `Add Facet` to add another facet.
    :target: /_images/add-a-search-block-step-23.jpeg
    ```
    +++
    _Click on {guilabel}`Add Facet` to add another facet._
    ````

> 1.  Click the Label field to add a label to each facet.
> 
>     Type "Date range" as you'll be adding a facet to filter by tag.
> 
>     ````{card}
>     ```{image} /content-editing/_static/add-a-search-block-step-24.jpeg
>     :alt: Click the Label field to add a label to each facet.
>     :target: /_images/add-a-search-block-step-24.jpeg
>     ```
>     +++
>     _Click the Label field to add a label to each facet._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Click the {guilabel}`Label` field to add a label to each facet.

    Type "Date range" as you'll be adding a facet to filter by tag.

    ````{card}
    ```{image} /content-editing/_static/add-a-search-block-step-24.jpeg
    :alt: Click the `Label` field to add a label to each facet.
    :target: /_images/add-a-search-block-step-24.jpeg
    ```
    +++
    _Click the {guilabel}`Label` field to add a label to each facet._
```

    ````{card}
    ```{image} /content-editing/_static/add-a-search-block-step-26.jpeg
    :alt: Click `Modification date`.
    :target: /_images/add-a-search-block-step-26.jpeg
    ```
    +++
    _Click {guilabel}`Modification date`._
    ````

1.  Click on {guilabel}`Facet widget` to pick which type of widget you want to use for this facet.

    ````{card}
    ```{image} /content-editing/_static/add-a-search-block-step-27.jpeg
    :alt: Click on `Facet widget` to pick which type of widget you want to use for this facet.
    :target: /_images/add-a-search-block-step-27.jpeg
    ```
    +++
    _Click on {guilabel}`Facet widget` to pick which type of widget you want to use for this facet._
    ````

1.  Select {guilabel}`Date Range` to display date picker widgets for a modification date range.

    ````{card}
    ```{image} /content-editing/_static/add-a-search-block-step-28.jpeg
    :alt: Select `Date Range` to display date picker widgets for a modification date range.
    :target: /_images/add-a-search-block-step-28.jpeg
    ```
    +++
    _Select {guilabel}`Date Range` to display date picker widgets for a modification date range._
    ````

> 1.  Click on "Sort on options".
> 
>     This adds a widget with options for the user to sort their search.
>     
>     ````{card}
>     ```{image} /content-editing/_static/add-a-search-block-step-29.jpeg
>     :alt: Click on "Sort on options".
>     :target: /_images/add-a-search-block-step-29.jpeg
>     ```
>     +++
>     _Click on "Sort on options"._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Click on "Sort on options".

    This adds a widget with options for the user to sort their search.
    
    ````{card}
    ```{image} /content-editing/_static/add-a-search-block-step-29.jpeg
    :alt: Click on {guilabel}`Sort on options`.
    :target: /_images/add-a-search-block-step-29.jpeg
    ```
    +++
    _Click on {guilabel}`Sort on options`._
```

    ````

> 1.  Click "Creation date" and "Effective date" to add them to the list of options to sort by.
> 
>     ````{card}
>     ```{image} /content-editing/_static/add-a-search-block-step-30.jpeg
>     :alt: Click "Creation date" and "Effective date" to add them to the list of options to sort by.
>     :target: /_images/add-a-search-block-step-30.jpeg
>     ```
>     +++
>     _Click "Creation date" and "Effective date" to add them to the list of options to sort by._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Click {guilabel}`Creation date` and {guilabel}`Effective date` to add them to the list of options to sort by.

    ````{card}
    ```{image} /content-editing/_static/add-a-search-block-step-30.jpeg
    :alt: Click "Creation date" and "Effective date" to add them to the list of options to sort by.
    :target: /_images/add-a-search-block-step-30.jpeg
    ```
    +++
    _Click {guilabel}`Creation date` and {guilabel}`Effective date` to add them to the list of options to sort by._
```

    ````

> 1.  {guilabel}`Save` your page.
> 
>     ````{card}
>     ```{image} /content-editing/_static/add-a-search-block-step-31.jpeg
>     :alt: **[[Save]]** your page.
>     :target: /_images/add-a-search-block-step-31.jpeg
>     ```
>     +++
>     _{guilabel}`Save` your page._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Click the {guilabel}`Save` button to save your page.

    ````{card}
    ```{image} /content-editing/_static/add-a-search-block-step-31.jpeg
    :alt: Click the `Save` button to save your page.
    :target: /_images/add-a-search-block-step-31.jpeg
    ```
    +++
    _Click the {guilabel}`Save` button to save your page._
```

    ````

> 1.  The search field will allow the user to search with a text search.
> 
>     The facets will narrow that search down.
> 
>     ````{card}
>     ```{image} /content-editing/_static/add-a-search-block-step-32.jpeg
>     :alt: The search field will allow the user to search with a text search.
>     :target: /_images/add-a-search-block-step-32.jpeg
>     ```
>     +++
>     _The search field will allow the user to search with a text search._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  The {guilabel}`Search` field will allow the user to search with a text search.

    The facets will narrow that search down.

    ````{card}
    ```{image} /content-editing/_static/add-a-search-block-step-32.jpeg
    :alt: The `Search` field will allow the user to search with a text search.
    :target: /_images/add-a-search-block-step-32.jpeg
    ```
    +++
    _The {guilabel}`Search` field will allow the user to search with a text search._
```

    ````

> 1.  The Tags facet will allow the user to select items that are tagged and filter according to that tag.
> 
>     ````{card}
>     ```{image} /content-editing/_static/add-a-search-block-step-33.jpeg
>     :alt: The Tags facet will allow the user to select items that are tagged and filter according to that tag.
>     :target: /_images/add-a-search-block-step-33.jpeg
>     ```
>     +++
>     _The Tags facet will allow the user to select items that are tagged and filter according to that tag._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  The {guilabel}`Tags` facet will allow the user to select items that are tagged and filter according to that tag.

    ````{card}
    ```{image} /content-editing/_static/add-a-search-block-step-33.jpeg
    :alt: The `Tags` facet will allow the user to select items that are tagged and filter according to that tag.
    :target: /_images/add-a-search-block-step-33.jpeg
    ```
    +++
    _The {guilabel}`Tags` facet will allow the user to select items that are tagged and filter according to that tag._
```

    ````

> 1.  The Date range facet will allow the user to narrow down their search inside of a specific date range.
> 
>     ````{card}
>     ```{image} /content-editing/_static/add-a-search-block-step-34.jpeg
>     :alt: The Date range facet will allow the user to narrow down their search inside of a specific date range.
>     :target: /_images/add-a-search-block-step-34.jpeg
>     ```
>     +++
>     _The Date range facet will allow the user to narrow down their search inside of a specific date range._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  The {guilabel}`Date range` facet will allow the user to narrow down their search inside of a specific date range.

    ````{card}
    ```{image} /content-editing/_static/add-a-search-block-step-34.jpeg
    :alt: The `Date range` facet will allow the user to narrow down their search inside of a specific date range.
    :target: /_images/add-a-search-block-step-34.jpeg
    ```
    +++
    _The {guilabel}`Date range` facet will allow the user to narrow down their search inside of a specific date range._
```

    ````

> 1.  If there are no results in the date range selected, they can clear the range.
> 
>     ````{card}
>     ```{image} /content-editing/_static/add-a-search-block-step-35.jpeg
>     :alt: If there are no results in the date range selected, they can clear the range.
>     :target: /_images/add-a-search-block-step-35.jpeg
>     ```
>     +++
>     _If there are no results in the date range selected, they can clear the range._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  If there are no results in the date range selected, they can clear the range by clicking the {guilabel}`Clear` button.

    ````{card}
    ```{image} /content-editing/_static/add-a-search-block-step-35.jpeg
    :alt: If there are no results in the date range selected, they can clear the range by clicking the `Clear` button.
    :target: /_images/add-a-search-block-step-35.jpeg
    ```
    +++
    _If there are no results in the date range selected, they can clear the range by clicking the {guilabel}`Clear` button._
```

    ````

> 1.  Clicking on the sorting drop-down will allow the user to sort their search according to a date.
> 
>     ````{card}
>     ```{image} /content-editing/_static/add-a-search-block-step-37.jpeg
>     :alt: Clicking on the sorting drop-down will allow the user to sort their search according to a date.
>     :target: /_images/add-a-search-block-step-37.jpeg
>     ```
>     +++
>     _Clicking on the sorting drop-down will allow the user to sort their search according to a date._

Reviewer: Avoid the passive voice and impersonal term of "the user". It's better when you speak directly to the reader to do something.

```suggestion
1.  Click on the sorting drop-down to sort the search according to a selected date type.

    ````{card}
    ```{image} /content-editing/_static/add-a-search-block-step-37.jpeg
    :alt: Click on the sorting drop-down to sort the search according to a selected date type.
    :target: /_images/add-a-search-block-step-37.jpeg
    ```
    +++
    _Click on the sorting drop-down to sort the search according to a selected date type._
```
